Do you agree that it is "astonishing that so little knowledge can give us so much power" (Bertrand Russell)? Discuss with reference to the natural sciences and one other area of knowledge.
Knowledge in natural sciences and mathematics makes everyday lives easier by making technology possible. The amount of knowledge we have can be assessed by comparing it to some hypothetical state in which we possess all the knowledge, and every question is answered. This comparison is not possible directly though, as we have no idea about the entire knowledge. However, to deem if the knowledge we have is little, the knowledge currently possessed and understood can be compared to the knowledge we are aware we do not yet have. "Power" given by knowledge is the ability to influence, change, establish and predict. The word can be used in different contexts, for example, "political power," "technological power," or "military power." The phrase "so much," referring to power, is a comparison between the power one has due to the knowledge one possesses and the power from before knowing.
In natural sciences knowledge refers to a statement or a law, which was first proposed as a hypothesis, and then proven using observations, experiments, and logic. Said statement or law is then used to describe and predict the physical world. It can be argued that the knowledge in natural sciences that is known today is little compared to the knowledge we are aware we do not yet possess, and possibly even smaller compared to the entire acquirable knowledge we do not yet know about.
It is almost certain that there is knowledge to be acquired that humanity has yet no clue about. To prove it, one could compare the awareness of knowledge yet to be discovered of historical scientists to the current knowledge. A great example of this is a quote:
"There is nothing new to be discovered in physics now. All that remains is more and more precise measurement" 
often misattributed to William Thomson, but in reality, being a paraphrase of Albert A. Michelson’s words. The author of the quote states that there was no physical law that was not known, so the contemporary knowledge, in the author’s opinion, was huge and complete. These words were said in 1894, ironically just a few decades before some ground-breaking discoveries in physics, namely Einstein’s special and general relativity, which changed how scientists perceive high-speed and high-mass objects, and quantum mechanics, which completely devastated the contemporary understanding of physics of small scales. This example shows that indeed, no matter how sure one can be about humanity’s knowledge, there is still a lot left to discover.
Humanity’s knowledge is little, because there is a great amount of knowledge that we are aware we do not yet possess. An excellent example of this is dark matter. It has been proposed in consequence of the fact that the rate of rotation of different parts of galaxies due to gravity does not match the physicists’ calculations and predictions. The current scientific consensus states that the phenomenon that makes reality not behave as we would expect is a new kind of matter – dark matter – which we cannot observe, yet it does have significant mass. This hypothesis explains the discrepancies between previous predictions and observations by stating that the distribution of mass in galaxies is different than what we observe, because of the existence of this dark matter which we cannot see, thus predicting correctly the observed rates of rotations. The existence of dark matter is approved by the scientific community. Despite that, because by definition dark matter is impossible to observe directly, we do not have any direct evidence of its existence, and we do not know anything about its nature, namely what it consists of, how it interacts with other matter, and how it is created. Scientists are aware that the knowledge about properties of dark matter exists, but they do not yet possess it.
Despite the fact that our knowledge in natural sciences is little, astonishingly we still have a great power because of it. An example of technology developed with physics is data transmission using radio waves. It was discovered and advanced in the second half of the nineteenth century, followed by the first commercial broadcast in 1920. Now, for a century, humanity has been broadcasting and communicating at the universal speed limit, the speed of light, using electromagnetic waves. This example proves, that even smaller knowledge than what humanity has today, knowledge from a century ago, gives so much power to send information with as little delay as it is allowed by the known laws of physics.
The above examples confirm that humanity has little knowledge in natural sciences, yet it wields a great power. It has been shown that our knowledge is little compared to what we know we do not know, that it is even smaller compared to what we do not know we do not know, and that it gives us a great technological power.
In mathematics, knowledge can be defined as a set of statements, laws, and rules which were deduced using pure logic and reason from some basic assumptions. The assumptions concern matters such as what is a number and what it means to add or subtract. The number of assumptions needed to develop a proof and gain useful knowledge is little compared to the amount of resulting knowledge.
As opposed to natural sciences, mathematical knowledge does not require observations, hardware, or measurements to be produced. Hence, in mathematics knowledge we know we do not know is smaller than in natural sciences. An example of a physics hypothesis that is consistent mathematically but is not taken as true is String Theory. It describes fundamental particles as loops, instead of points, which helps explain some phenomena, however, there is no observational evidence in favour of this theory. The fact that in natural sciences some knowledge can be proven mathematically but still be false, and in mathematics whenever something is proven it must be true, shows that the amount of knowledge we know we do not know in mathematics is smaller than in natural sciences.
The knowledge we are aware we do not possess in mathematics is small, but it still exists. There are problems to which there is no answer yet. For example, the Millennium Problems  are a list of seven mathematical problems published in 2000. The Clay Mathematics Institute funded a one-million-dollar award for solving each of them. As of today, only one of them has been solved. The problems remain unsolved because there are no mathematical tools that could help to solve them yet.
In mathematics "little knowledge" can be understood as the assumptions, and "much power" can be understood as astonishingly numerous theorems and knowledge that can emerge from pure logic and those assumptions. Every area of mathematics can have different assumptions, but no area has none. For example, number theory defines what is a number and what operations on numbers do, geometry has its axioms, and calculus defines a derivative. Those assumptions let these areas of mathematics deduce and prove new statements, which are much more numerous than assumptions. Hence, few assumptions giving lots of theorems can be called "little knowledge giving so much power."
An example of a proof that took as few assumptions as possible to prove a mathematical expression is one that was published in the "Principia Mathematica" in 1910 by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russel. The book has three volumes. In the first one, the authors define very few assumptions concerning pure logic – like definitions of true, false, and a statement – and derive laws and rules that let them prove, after 379 pages, that 1 + 1 = 2. In the first volume, the authors have not managed to mathematically define addition due to some personal events in their lives, however, the proof has been completed in the second volume. On the page 379 they wrote: 
"From this proposition it will follow, when arithmetical addition has been defined, that 1 + 1 = 2"
The reason for this proof taking this many pages to be stated is that the authors’ point in these three volumes of the "Principia Mathematica" was to redefine mathematics, to reject, in their opinion, a broken system of many unclear assumptions and definitions leading to paradoxes, and to create a new system basing on as few assumptions as possible, with every new statement being introduced formally, by explicitly proving it with logic. This example proves that knowledge acquired from mathematical proofs is much greater than assumptions that were needed.
Both in natural sciences and mathematics, little knowledge indeed gives much power. In natural sciences, it is the small extent of possible theorems and laws that humanity has proven and understood that gives the power to influence physical processes, establish new technologies and predict upcoming phenomena. In mathematics it is the insignificant, in comparison to all the current mathematical knowledge, number of assumptions, or previous knowledge that is needed to construct a mathematical system allowing for establishing new mathematical laws, predicting real-life processes that are possible to describe mathematically, and influencing any such process based on knowledge gained with mathematics. It is indeed astonishing, that so little knowledge can give us so much power.